[Music] very good my dearest Lovers of the heart How are you I hope you're
having a spectacular day a
wonderful day and I'm delighted to be here
one more day with you to tell you about the
latest news from celebrities and especially about
the celebrities that revolve around the
gossip that we like so much because
we're nosy all of you who
are watching this video right now you
're nosy well I hope that
the kings brought you many things
that I'm completely sure that they did
why Well because I'm very good everything and
you get along very well In fact I have to
start this video Thanking the whole
family for subscribing to this
channel And we've just reached 8 to
80,000 subscribers 80 thousand subscribers
in just over a year 80,000
subscribers in just over a year you don't
know the outrage that it is it's an
absolute beast you and I can't
believe it I can't believe it and and nothing I have
no choice but to tell you
thank you very much I'm  very
happy with the results that
this channel is having that it almost
became my main channel The
thing is that this is like children not like
the one who has children who Wouldn't know which
finger which finger to cut No hand to
cut Well, it's the same for me, I mean the
main channel is a gem he's my child
not the secondary channel Javier canijo is
also a bomb and this one too
so it depends on the time of day it
's one or the other no I won't give up I wouldn't
give up on any channel okay
just to ask you all before
continuing with the topic of starting with the
topic Better said that you subscribe if you
are arriving for the first time to this
channel to subscribe it's
completely free it doesn't cost
anything you just have to click the
follow button and you will become part
of this great family terelu Campos
speaks about sálvame and her future on
the telecinco grid well this is a
statement that terelu has made that in
the last 24 hours has been giving a lot to
talk about to me sincerely it seems
that terelu in these statements that she
made in the last program  Sálvame has
been a little more optimistic than
expected and I think the numbers have swung a
little bit. But anyway, I'll tell you,
you tell me okay, the
presenter seems worried about
what the new year will bring and
assures that they removed El Limón ti for no
reason because the audience
supported the program, I don't know if you remember
but surely yes because we
were also commenting on it a lot, do you
remember that we were laughing a lot
at the theme of the intro that
María Patiño and Terelu did, who seemed like
puppets Terelu Campo returned to Sálvame
because of this thing about Limón ti this was a
section a new cut that they made in
Sálvame to replace El Sálvame Limón
and recover a little bit of the ratings
but it is true that from then on,
having light has remained in the
program, she returned to the program and has
stayed, completely leaving behind everything that she
did before, long live life and
so on, in fact, she is even seen less
because of reality shows, now they were on reality
shows, the daughter that she but  well she
was normally on viva la vida and in
reality shows something that man it's not that it's
completely white programs but
compared to sálvame it's quite a bit
lighter but what she's saying here
about the audience supporting the format
the space let's see terelu you've gone a
little bit and you've danced a little bit the
numbers okay the reality we have it here
on the portal watch tele and I'm going to read it to you
below
the audiences of sálvame limonty in its
first weeks Although it arrived preceded
by all these events
sálvame limón ti landed discreetly
on the Telecinco grid on
January 17th it's going to be almost a year now in
its first week the new section
gathered an average of one million
452,000 viewers 13.3
improving thus Although very slightly the
data that save El Limón had
registered in the previous week one million
426,000 followers and 12.8%
audience share we're talking about 25,000
viewers or in other words we're talking about
what any of our videos on
YouTube have  Okay, this is in
YouTube quantities. Well, maybe it is more
important, but in
television quantities, and we're talking about, let's go
for nothing. In addition, these are estimates, do
n't forget, that is to say, María
Patiño and Terelu Campos contributed
half a point of Shein to the program and 26,000
more viewers,
26,000 more viewers. I mean, yes, they
managed to improve, but maybe they
are irrelevant data, they are data
that maybe were, they are
completely insignificant, they are data
that maybe they did it unintentionally, you
know, they were the result of chance that
maybe that day on other
television channels, on other channels, they weren't
showing anything interesting, okay, so we
're talking about 26,000 viewers,
maybe these 26,000 viewers
took a nap the week
before and now, a week later,
Sálvame Limón lost the little that it
had gained and returned to the
usual records of Sálvame Limón,
it was clear then that the new
section had not been the hit that it was
intended to be, it was a small patch that,
at best, was  to retain
the most loyal audience or it could even
bring in a few more viewers or
really what Terelu is saying
here about the audience supporting
the show
Well, I don't know what the
expectations are now I remember I
remember when I was debating
face to face not in person with José
Antonio León in that at that door of the
Virgen de Rocío hospital I don't know if you
remember no but it was a much
talked about conversation in which we were talking
about the operation of light and other things
when I brought up the subject of
ratings He told me that well
releasing a 13 today was
spectacular so of course we could
be talking about the fact that expectations are
quite low no And
so for her this was supporting
that the audience is supporting her let's
see if they can stay on I'm telling you neither
that they are poor nor that they are under
a bridge either she knows But let's see it's not
a triumph here she says precisely for that reason she
hopes and wishes that Sálvame continues
to be part of the
Telecinco grid and liven up the afternoons of
millions of viewers I hope we can be
entertaining for many years because this
daily effort is the sustenance for
many people who are in front of and
behind the cameras well here our
dear Paola Calvo who you already know is a
friend of the Channel says Terelu Campos is
worried about what is to
come lacking in self-criticism she wishes to
continue counting on the support of the
network and the public for many years
and to continue entertaining the afternoons of
millions so to speak I thought exactly the
same thing when I read about millions
in the capture I said millions yes it
's a million yes it's a million
viewers the audiences have
spoken and your end is approaching I wouldn't
say it's a matter of the audience I would
say that now when when the
issue of the light operation is more advanced
Well maybe something similar will happen to them to
what happened with Big Brother that
the advertisers will have to start fleeing
and that they will have to change the
name of the format the program instead
of Sálvame it will be called Rescuame they
will disguise it as they did with Big
Brother no but it will be a program that
cannot be maintained because the
advertisers will leave which I also tell you would
seem hypocritical to me because
advertisers today  you know everything
that happens and they don't leave if they leave It's
simply because of pressure from the audience
that they start boycotting like they did
with Big Brother no we don't go on anymore
With reason or without reason so I don't know
if really depending on the audience they will
stay yes it's true that
in the end people who watch Sálvame what they are
looking for is usually a Target who are
looking for company they are people who maybe
are more alone at home at that
time or whatever and they are looking for company and
we have to recognize that more and more
people are finding that company on our
YouTube channels So nothing if you
liked the video I invite you to subscribe
give it a like and that way
Our content will always be recommended to you
share the video It's also worth hitting the
share button and so on that also
comes in very handy family A big hug
and see you in the next video
bye bye
[Music]